

  Node State: 
 
  - Version Status: 

      Test of Mod/Node existance in database and comparison of versions.

    + PENDING: New node which has been registered but never checked-in.  

    + CHECKED_IN: Node is in repository but has not been checked-out into working area.

    + IDENTICAL: Node exists in both repository and working area with the same version.

    + NEEDS_CHECKOUT: Repository version of node is newer then working area version. 


  - Property Status: 

      Comparison of the database properties (toolset, editor, ...) between the Mods and 
      Nodes.  Directly analogous to Dependency Status but applied to node properties 
      instead of dependency information.

    + PENDING: (see Dependency Status)

    + CHECKED_IN: (see Dependency Status)

    + IDENTICAL: (see Dependency Status)

    + MODIFIED: (see Dependency Status)

    + NEEDS_CO: (see Dependency Status)
   
    + CONFLICTS: (see Dependency Status)


  - Dependency Status: 

      Comparison of the number, names and options (seq, all, frame offset) of dependencies
      for Mods vs. Nodes.  Versions of the node's are not compared since Mods don't have 
      version information for their dependencies.  

    + PENDING:  Only possible state when Version Status is PENDING since there is no 
                Node to compare against the Mod.

    + CHECKED_IN:  Only possible state when Version Status is CHECKED_IN since there is no 
                   Mod to compare against the Node.

    + IDENTICAL:  Mod and Node have identical dependencies. Version Status may be
                  either IDENTICAL or NEEDS_CO.  In the case of NEEDS_CO, 
                  the Node has a newer version, but dependency information remains 
                  identical to that of the Mod even though it was based on an older
                  version of the Node.
    
    + MODIFIED:  Mod has different dependencies and/or dependency options
                 than the Node. These differences are due to changes in the 
                 Mod since the time of its check-out.  This implies a Version 
                 Status of IDENTICAL.
			 
    + NEEDS_CO:  Mod and Node have different dependencies, but the differences 
                 are ENTIRELY due to a new version of the Node since the Mod
                 was checked-out.  The Mod remains identical to the Node upon
                 which it was based.  This implies a Version Status of 
                 NEEDS_CO.

    + CONFLICTS:  Mod has different dependencies and/or dependency options than 
                      the Node.  These differences are due to changes in the Mod from 
                      its original state at the time of check-out AND also a new version 
                      of the Node in the repository which has different dependencies than
                      the version upon which the Mod was based.  This implies a Version 
                      Status of NEEDS_CO.


  - File Status: 

      Comparison of the files associated with Mods and Nodes.  Each file associated 
      with Data Mod/Nodes have individual File Status.  The states of IDENTICAL, 
      MODIFIED, NEEDS_CO and CONFLICTS are directly analogous to their meaning 
      for Dependency Status but applied to individual files.  

      All of these states are superseded by the MISSING or STALE state if the 
      conditions of those states are met.  In other words, until a file has been 
      (re)generated (removing the conditions of MISSING or STALE) the file cannot 
      meaningfully be compared with the repository.
    
    + PENDING:  Only possible state when Version Status is PENDING since there is no 
                Node to compare against the Mod.  Implies that the working area file
                assiciated with the Mod is not MISSING or STALE.

    + CHECKED_IN: Only possible state when Version Status is CHECKED_IN since there are 
                  no working area files to compare against the repository.

    + IDENTICAL: (see Dependency Status)

    + MODIFIED: (see Dependency Status)

    + NEEDS_CO: (see Dependency Status)

    + CONFLICTS: (see Dependency Status)

    + MISSING:  The file was missing from the working area.  This implies a Version State
                other than CHECKED_IN, since no working area files should be present to
                be compared against the repository for this Version State.

    + STALE:  For files associated with Data Nodes, the file exists in the working area
              but changes to the upstream files or nodes mean that this file needs to 
              be regenerated to reflect the changes.  There are several ways this can 
              happen:

	        1. The dependencies of the associated Data Node were changed after 
                   the file was created.

                2. The node properties of the Process Node which generated the file
                   have been changed after the file was created.

                3. Any of the files (process scripts or data files) which are in 
                   the upstream dependency tree are newer than this file.  Note that
                   this set of files can be more limited than ALL of the files upstream 
                   since a file which is part of a sequence may only depend on a single 
                   file from a sequence associated with an upstream node.


                
